1. Set up Pyppetteer Instance

2. Automate Login Functionality
    a. Allow user to input their user and password into utils to be used by main
    b. On the marketplace pop up, find the username, password, and login buttons to automate login

3. CAPTCHA Bypass (If we run into it which we probably will)
        a. We could give a set period of time to allow the user to intervene and solve the CAPTCHA, thus providing access to marketplace

        (Do B after A; Only reason being is we want to get a MVP out ASAP even though it's not like we're selling this garbage)
        b. We could try to automate the process using Pyppetteer's tools, but solving CAPTCHA's is hard, so it probably won't work
            - Maybe we can find an AI CAPTCHA solver to solve Facebook's functionality?

4. Marketplace Navigation Functionality
    a. In utils, user can enter a keyword they'd like to search on marketplace or leave it blank to just get the main feed of preferences.
        - If blank, do the main portion of that method without looking for the search bar
        - else, find the search bar and input the search keyword, then once it is inputted, search and pull up the marketplace instance for that keyword

    TWO APPROACHES TO DOING THIS PORTION OF THE ALGORITHM:
        a. Collect the currently loaded page's worth of marketplace listings (Faster, but Possible CAPTCHA intervention)
           
        b. Move one by one to each marketplace listing like a human (Less likelihood for CAPTCHA to trigger, but much slower)

    OPTION B IS PROBABLY THE BEST FOR A MVP TO ENSURE IT WORKS CORRECTLY

    Option B Algorithm (Include a try-except clause this would go hard here):
        1. Input a keyword
        2. if keyword is blank ("") don't search for anything below (3-5) and continue
        3. Find the search box for inputting the keyword
        4. click the search box
        5. input they keyword and press enter

        6. Find the marketplace listings using Pyppetteer's tools. Should store all listings as a list/array (temporary).

        7. for listing in listings...
            8. Click on that listing (Since it's a dynamic website we don't have to worry much).
            9. Find the message box at the bottom righthand corner of the screen.
                9a. If the message box does not exist, than we have already messaged this person, move onto the next listing (secondary dupe prevention; Sorta redundant). 
            10. Find the price of the item and convert the string to an integer and store it (temporary).
            11. Find the X-out button in the top right corner of the screen.
            12. Click the message box.
            13. Input a pre-determined, funny message, which also includes the price minus a randomized variable amount. We can store these messages in a list/array.
            14. Press enter (avoids us having to find the send message box below the message box).
            15. Press X-out button.
            16. Find mini textbox X for messaging who we previously messaged (this automatically pops up after we send the first message to a seller).
            17. Press X on that mini textbox (this should avoid any missed-click issues).
            18. Move onto the next listing in listings (continue the loop).

        19. Remove all listings from listings list/array after the for loop is complete.
        20. Scroll down to load more listings and repeat the entire process.

